Add ESP32 support (#28)
cloud4rpi/docs: docs/index.md

> Currently, we provide detailed instructions and examples for the following platforms and languages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed instructions and examples are available for the following platforms and languages:
```

- [Raspberry Pi using Python](/start/rpi/) ([GitHub Repository](https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-raspberrypi-python))
- [Next Thing Co. C.H.I.P. using Python](/start/chip/) ([GitHub Repository](https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-chip-python))
- [Onion Omega2 using Python](/start/o2/) ([GitHub Repository](https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-omega2-python))
- [ESP8266 using MicroPython](/start/esp8266-upy/) ([GitHub Repository](https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-esp8266-micropython))
- [ESP8266 or ESP32 using Arduino](/start/esp-ino/) ([GitHub Repository](https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-esp-arduino))
- [ESP8266 or ESP32 using PlatformIO](/start/esp-pio/) ([GitHub Repository](https://github.com/cloud4rpi/cloud4rpi-esp-arduino))

!!! Note

>     Both Python 2 and Python 3 are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Python 2 and Python 3 are supported.
```

> [Contact us](https://cloud4rpi.answerdesk.io/) if your device or preferred language is not listed, we are here to help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contact us](https://cloud4rpi.answerdesk.io/) if your device or preferred language is not listed.
```
